# Problem definition
## Statement

## Objectives
- provide assistance to RMs in serving their end-customers (or potential customers) 
- match RMs and end-customers according to RMs skills (performance and product knowledge) and customers profiles. 
- Interactive Voice Response Unit

## Stakeholders 
- Customers
- RMs
- Travel Company
- Programmers
- Competitors
- Airline company
- Business Analyst
- Partners offering the travel accommodations, transport and meals
- Hotel companies

# Empathy map
1. WHO are we empathizing with? 
> Who is the person we want to understand?
> What is the situation they are in?
> What is their role in the situation?
- We are empathizing with RMs (Relationship Managers), end-customers and potential customers of the travel company's in-house call management centre (CMC).
- RMs want to be matched with a customer based on the RM's skills and customer's profile.
- Customers want to be matched with a RM whose skills are best fit to help with the objective of the call.
- For outbound calls, RMs are looking totarget potential buyers with the company's products and services.
- For inbound calls, customers are looking to be best routed to a RM that's most suitable for their inquiry without having to wait too long.

2. What do they need to DO?
> What do they need to do differently?
> What job(s) do they want or need to get done?
> What decision(s) do they need to make?
> How will we know they were successful?
- RMs need to take a 10 minutes questionnaire which is used to build the RM's profile and skill matrix for the system.
- The RM's profile needs to be automatically adjusted by the system appropriately based on the RM's subsequent performance in selling packages and serving customers.
- RMs each need to use their won individualised target lists generated by the system to connect with potential customers on the selling the company's products and services.
- During bysu times, customers won't get immediately directed to a human RM, rather an Interactive Voice Response unit instead. The customer then needs to select from a number of call options to then be correctly routed to an appropriate RM.

3. What do they SEE?
> What do they see in the marketplace?
> What do they see in their immediate environment?
> What do they see others saying and doing?
> What are they watching and reading?
- The business analysts see a way that can improve their system effectiveness and number of sales by using a profiling tool
- The customers can see a change in how their relational managers deal with their customers.
- The relational managers see a better environment that will help them reduce stress via distribution routine and call routing, this will help the team to work more efficiently.

4. What do they SAY?
> What have we heard them say?
> What can we imagine them saying?
- They have an automated device that tells them options on why they are calling, helping them to redirect a call
- Customers are spoken to by suitable Relationship managers that will give them the best sales pitch, makes it more 

5. What do they DO?
> What do they do today?
> What behavior have we observed?
> What can we imagine them doing?

6. What do they HEAR?
> What are they hearing others say?
> What are they hearing from friends?
> What are they hearing from colleagues?
> What are they hearing second-hand?

7. What do they THINK and FEEL?
> PAINS | What are their fears, frustrations, and anxieties?
> GAINS | What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?
> What other thoughts and feelings might motivate their behavior?
- Cusomters who suffer long wait time will feel annoyed, unappreciated by the organisation and RM.
- Potential customers targeted by the system repeatedly will feel annoyed and view the company as untrustworthy if they have advised the RM to not call again.
- Cusomters calling in want to resolve their issue prompty, have detailed product information explained clearly by a knowledgable RM and purchased correctly handled when purchasing over the phone.
- 

# Assumptions
- The company has more than one RM’s that can be paired with a customer looking for a specific holiday package. This means inbound calls can be linked to two or more RM’s and the customer can easily be transferred between different RMs.
- Profiler tool uses work database based on the amount of cases closed on a specific holiday package and company database about personal information such as age, culture and sex.
- Customer will always have the choice to speak to a human operator when the Automatic Call Distributor fails to appropriately select an RM
- The system automatically creates a profile for new customers as needed and the disgnated RM can view or edit them as neccesary

# Reflections
## Peter
## Long
Design thinking is an appropriate process for most projects that follow the agile framework and provide flexible guidelines that help direct the next step in the development of the system. While an effective framework when applied well, I have found that there is potential for duplicate work to occur, not just from different team members, but from the same individuals during the first few stages. Specifically in various methods of empathising, the empathy map had some overlap with POV statements. Otherwise, as long as we keep the current project velocity ongoing, we should be able to finsih the project report on time.
## Jake

2. Prioritised Backlog
- 
- 


# Sprints 
